[Autogenerated] Welcome back in this clip,
we're going to look at session manager now.
Session manager is a means for us to connect to are instances via
an agent connection as opposed to SSH or Rdp.
So it eliminates the need for a typical bastion hosts or jump
server host set up in our architectures.
So let's see how this works.
A click start session and you can see that we have are managed.
Instantiate just did.
So I'll select that.
Let me start a session with that.
Now I'll have to accept that I'm enabling advanced instances because this is
on Prem and these costs more so just keep that in mind.
But I'm gonna click, accept change my setting and then I'll start the session.
So when I open up this pop up here that I receive,
you can see our session IDE on the top left.
We have our managed instance ID, and then we're now in a shell.
So I'm on the operating system that we just worked with on
activating and adding to our SSN managed instances.
So to prove it, let me clear, and then I'm gonna touch attempt file called test.
So that exists in slash temp.
So if I go back to my SSH session and I ls that
directory there it is right here, so we can see that file.
So session manager really allows us to connect.
To are instances via S s M agent,
as opposed to having to connect over an SSH or Rdp protocol.
This is a very cool tool.
I see it used in a lot of enterprises that want to replace bastion hosts.
So if you get time, make sure you poke around and play with it.
That's going to do it for this session.
I'll go ahead and terminate this.
And then there we go.
Now, one more thing before we wrap up,
you could actually view session history and you can
see who created that session.
So we'll go ahead and we'll end here.
And in the next clip, we're gonna look at A W s parameter store,
which is built in to S S M. And then look at some of the use cases around that